auxchecktap(1) -- Check TAP compliant unit test results
=======================================================

## SYNOPSIS

`auxtapcheck --help`<br>
`auxtapcheck --version`<br>
`auxtapcheck [<option>...]`<br>
`auxtapcheck [<option>...] <filespec>...`

Syntax:
  auxchecktap --help     # display this help text.
  auxchecktap --version  # display program version information.
  auxchecktap [<outoption>]               # read from standard input.
  auxchecktap [<outoption>] <filespec>... # read from specified file(s).
Options:


`auxsource --help`<br>
`auxsource --version`<br>
`auxsource <filename> [<arg>...]`<br>
`auxsource <dir>/<filename> [<arg>...]`

As non-alias...

`source <dir>/auxsource --help`<br>
`source <dir>/auxsource --version`<br>
`source <dir>/auxsource <filename> [<arg>...]`<br>
`source <dir>/auxsource <dir>/<filename> [<arg>...]`

## DESCRIPTION

TBD

## COMMANDS

TBD

## OPTIONS

--verbose

  Somewhat verbose final summary.

--brief

Brief summary, one line per file plus one line overall (default).

--curt

One overall summary line.

--quiet

one line summaries per file only if failures found.

--silent

No output, even with failures, but exit status set.

--json

Use JSON format output.

--nojson

DO not use JSON format output.

--strict

Use strict TAP parsing rules (default).

--nostrict

DO not use strict TAP parsing rules.


## EXIT STATUS

'auxsource' completes with an exit status determined by the execution of the
target sourced file.

## COPYRIGHT

Copyright (C) 2017 Eric Alan Christiansen.

## SEE ALSO

https://testanything.org/ - The Test Anything Protocol (TAP).<br>
http://www.json.org/ - The JavaScript Object Notation (JSON).
